Young master, can you hear me?
This bitch threatened me in public.
People were really scared, wanted to lock down our house and hide.
Chen Dao, you look down on yourself a little bit, don't you?
Tonight you do a celebratory party first.
Find this psychopath again to hide number one.
All crimes die in the White Prince's place.
You think everyone here is going to be obsessed.
You think they'll care about your international destiny.
There is no protection from the White Prince.
Your Dignity
The wealth
The status is gone.
Tonight, I dare to be an ancestor.
Call on you to cut your way of life.
Block him completely.
The goal is that when the White Prince arrives
Bring these dogs to justice.
Cut the lifeline.
Block completely
Remove completely
God's people have never known.
You're just an ant, what are you afraid of?
Dare to the head with a hard mouth.
I will use my entire clan to kill this thief.
I Dong Hai the Ma family want to cut off their way of life with one hand.
You hear that?
No one wants to hold you back.
Miss Thu Vu, let's run away.
Forget Qin Xiao.
Fear of death.
It's useless.
Stop talking.
Qin Xiao is the one I chose.
I'll never abandon him.
Where's Zheng's family?
The thief is dying for me.
Where's the smart family?
The thief's mouth
So what are you waiting for?
You're clapping loudly.